[16634] Folder structure and readme (#1)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-QoS-Profiles-Manager: README.md

# Fast-DDS-QoS-Profiles-Manager

> This repository holds a set of tools for the generation of XML files containing Fast DDS profile definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eprosima Fast DDS QoS Profiles Manager is a set of tools for the generation of XML files containing Fast DDS profile definitions.
```

Author: Done

> The set includes, under `lib/` folder, the library that generates the XML profile files, exposing APIs to configure the desired profiles.

Reviewer: I guess there will be only one API with multiple calls (?)
```suggestion
The set includes, under `lib/` folder, the library that generates the XML profile files, exposing API calls to configure the desired profiles.
```

Under `cli/` folder, a command line interface library provides the possibility of setting simple instructions via command line to configure the desired profiles.

> Under `gui/` folder, a graphical user interface provides that, in order to graphically configure the desired profiles while whatching the changes interactively before saving the XML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under `gui/` folder, a graphical user interface allows to graphically configure the desired profiles in a simple form layout. The interface guides the user to complete the profile data, highlighting missing fields and displaying their default values.
```
